{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The project really tested me and I failed to deliver.  I struggled so much completing the first menu option that I never even was able to finish one option.  I was getting strange errors that I could not figure out, such as Agency.cpp not being able to access methods in Car.cpp despite the fact that both classes were Friends of each other.  I spent so much time on this project and got essentially nothing done.  I never even managed to complete the Get methods for the Car objects, making the rest of the project impossible to complete.  I know this is my fault, I tried getting help, but it confused most of the people I asked about why it wasn\'92t working in the first place.  I tried so many variations of code that my cpp files would be quite large if I had kept everything in, but commented out.   Usually when I code I like to keep it clean so that I can recognize where everything is, so once it became apparent that a technique was not going to accomplish the goal, I would just delete it and try a new one.  For that reason my project looks like it\'92s mostly empty, but that does not reflect the amount of time I put into the first menu option.  I eventually just made the data in my Classes public, but even then I wasn\'92t able to get anything to work.  I don\'92t know what else to do at this point, but to mimic the printing options found in the project guidelines.  I\'92m sure these projects are tested with different files than the ones we are given, so it will be apparent that I did not complete the project.  I know that isn\'92t going to help my grade, but I feel like I just need to make it be able to do that at the very least.  I hope I do better on the next project, as this is the first one I haven\'92t been able to complete and I worry that this will be the new norm for me in this class.}